Build Analysis landing page (#10894)
dotnet/arcade: Documentation/Projects/Build Analysis/LandingPage.md

# Build Analysis

The Build Analysis offers a set of features to make build and pull request results more actionable. 

Explore all the features offered by build analysis:

> - [Build Analysis GitHub Check](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/blob/main/Documentation/Projects/Build%20Analysis/Introduction.md)

Reviewer: Would it be worth it to add tiny snippet for what each of these features does? Like 1-2 sentences to spark interest in the link?

Author: I added a small description :D

Explore all the features offered by build analysis:

- [Build Analysis GitHub Check](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/blob/main/Documentation/Projects/Build%20Analysis/Introduction.md): Makes GitHub pull request results more actionable by highlighting build and test information most helpful to .NET developers.

> - [Known Issues](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/blob/main/Documentation/Projects/Build%20Analysis/KnownIssues.md): Report known issues so these can be automatically indetified and reported on failed builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Known Issues](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/blob/main/Documentation/Projects/Build%20Analysis/KnownIssues.md): Report known issues so these can be automatically identified and reported on failed builds.
```

- [Automatic Test Retries](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/blob/main/Documentation/Projects/Build%20Analysis/Test%20Retry%20Documentation.md): Configure tests in your repo's pull requests to automatically retry when they encounter specific errors.

> - [Automatic Build Retries](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/blob/main/Documentation/Projects/Build%20Analysis/BuildRetryOnboard.md): Configure your repo's pull request builds to automatically retry when it encounters specific errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Automatic Build Retries](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/blob/main/Documentation/Projects/Build%20Analysis/BuildRetryOnboard.md): Configure your repo's pull request builds to automatically retry when they encounter specific errors.
```
